In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Wanga Di Amin, will continue our Bible study from the Gospel of Salauk, chapter one. The first part from chapter one is about the Annunciation of archangel Gabriel to Zakaria, regarding the birth of Jean-de-Baptist. Then the second part is actually the Annunciation of Archangel Gabriel to St Mary the mother of God regarding the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ. And at the end of the Annunciation, Archangel Gabriel said to St Mary in verse 36, now indeed Elizabeth, your relative, has also conceived a son, in her old age and this is now the six months for her who was called Burren. So he informed that Elizabeth, her cousin, is pregnant in six months now. So Jean-Baptist actually is older than the Lord Jesus Christ by six months. Mary arose in those days and went into the hill country with haste to a city of Judah. So after the Angels visit, St Mary immediately set out to make the seven to eight days journey. Let me give you an idea about the geography. The is divided into three parts. The north part is called the gallery. The middle part is Samaria. The south is Judea, where Jerusalem is. St Mary was living in Nazareth of Galilei in the north. An archangel Gabriel appeared to her in Elizabeth and Zakaria were living in the South in Judea. So St Mary once heard from Archangel Gabriel, so she traveled all the way from Netherlands in Galilee to the Hill Country of Judea and the town of her cousin Elizabeth. This journey at the time, at the time it took about 7th, to a city of Judah. The Bible didn't tell us what is the name of this city, but city in Judea. So the description here is too vague to be identified with any certainty which is it. But as we know from the Old Testament, to the priests within the limit of the tribe of Judah. So most probably this city was one of those assigned cities to the priest because Zakariah was a priest within the limits of the tribe of Judah. There's foury, and entered the house of Zakaria's and greeted Elizabeth. of the sins and those of the ungodly are altogether different. And it happened when Elizabeth heard the greeting of Mary that the babe, John the Baptist, leaped in her womb and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit. the beam in the womb of Elizabeth. And Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit. So Elizabeth, through the Holy Spirit, recognized the cause of leaping. It was not a regular motion of a baby in the womb of his mother. That's why in verse 42, then she, Elizabeth, spoke out with a loud voice and said, Blessed are you among women and blessed is the fruit of your womb. So by the Holy Spirit, she knew that Mary also is pregnant. That's why she told her and blessed is the fruit of your womb.!!! extended to all from generation to generation. It is not for a certain people and not in a certain Her praise, for God what he has done to all people as whole. Generation, his mercy is on those who fear him from generation to generation. respect to him. It signifies not only the extent of the divine goodness to all people, but how it is continuous from generation to generation to the end of the ages. Then from verse 51 St Mary after she praised God was here is mercy, his mind, his holiness, now she is praising him, he is. for his justs and power. Justice and power. She said in verse 51, he has shown his strength with his arm has scattered the proud in the imagination of their heart. The word his arm refers to the mighty power of God. things to pass. Like after he spreads the Red Sea, we read in Excel, chapter 15, verse 16, the right hand of God has done wonders. So even in the ten plagues in the land of Egypt was done by his hand, X, thus, chapter 3, 20. of Ferru and all his chariot in the Red Sea was also banned by his arm as we read in Exodus 15 verse 16. Then now she speak about his justice. He has scattered the proud, the hautee men, the arrogant people, those who wish to be noticed in partiality. people actually who want to exalt themselves above all, God scatters them as a chef, as a straw, as dust. He scattered them. They will not be in his sight. The best example is the scribes and Pharisees. They fell from their earthly glory.!!!! rejected to accept the Lord Jesus Christ. But the Lord will scatter them in the imagination of their hearts. Meaning what? While they are forming their proud tasks and makes a plan and laying their plans and imagine accomplishment and success all these thoughts and waiting for all these to be done. Here, God actually will scatter them, will blow all their plans. So the plans will be scattered and blown together. He scattered the proud in the imagination of their own hearts. There's 52, another reflection on the justice of God. He has put down the mighty from their throne. the! Saint Mary here speaks prophetically. This saying may I look to the destruction of the kingdom of Satan. Satan was an archangel and all his armies and the final prevalence of the kingdom of Christ. So the mighty will be put down from the restaurants the little flock of Christ will be exalted. So the words have both literal and their spiritual fulfillment. Those who are humble and they are spiritual fulfillment. be put down from there is wrong. V. 53. He has filled the hungry with good things, and the rich he has sent away empty. Rich here means those who trust in their own money or in their own resources.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, in the other,! the economy, and it's all of us. As she is the man, I'm not all kudu, the woman, and Allah, when the Elizabeth, at least, a lot of us, and al-Qaeda, a little bit of the United States. and what is the only and I'm the evidence. Heinah Sarah, Saudi, Siami, and Uzuni, ertak that ganine pip to hag for about. I'm in Harag al-A-Jir Adi, and in a Shahra Bihrabhi. We're not gonna' a lot of them,!! we're all there. If the Muslim, we're in a show a kid it and all the truth and all the to tell you that, that the other, that I'm going to the other! I'm going to end the year, and the end of the year, And we're not in some sense of life,!! al-A-Tudah Ahmed. An Amin, a Kadir-a-mea-a-a-a-a-a-sah. She said that I'm a make a-dir-a-da-ra-a-da-a-a-da-a-a-a-da-a-a-a-da-a-a-a-a-a. I'll! I'll be I'll take a Allah's. I'll take a Khales. Like in the other, I'm going to say to all the that all the Allah's al-Lissi, in the Khaled al-Lissi, and the Khahas, al-Lahmah al-Lissah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Alah al-Almahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmahmah? and the al-qit al-qit al-qit al-qitabia, and maufkah. The al-qiyah, and the al-qiyah, Gameal Agal to the to tell us all the Uphraahadra. The D'itikkah al-qatas. He has it all to all the with us. I'm not only a lot of other but what are going to end if in the same and the other one of the other and that is the only one of the other to tell you it. And I'm going to to see it's a good thing. And that's what the truth.!! It's Kadei Lassa a Besshale, in my and I'm I'm just I'm going to be able to to and I can't it, you're not al- amel,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm not here. For the other, Lir Abbina, son a al-A-A-A-Zahim, lahmah al-Ahh, and I can't tell you of the Allah, I think of the Allahhah, I think of Allahhah, Allahh al-Zah al-Ahah, and al-qad al-qadestu.! other that is it's a matter of the truth of the mistake birina be fick for kulubh. But I'm not sure if we're going to be in the! The whole thing is what is it is a matter of the It's not a matter what the end of us about it is. I'm not going to but I'm not only one of us. That's all the more of the she'll tell them mistake be in the fajevo that all Arab Arab al-Aqbal. the case of the war on the war on the the only one of the only the other things, and we're going to be there in the and other other than the other than what is going to say about, And I'm going to see it,! We're all for the only. So, what the only, and the only, that the! As I'm I was a great, and gah, I was going to be able to to tell me about the! And so, I'm going to be there to be a woman, and a woman, and a woman. And I'm going to be there, and a woman,! I'm going to follow. Like in the Urahah, I know Aqahan and Abirak. An Arab, coolibari, and kulibari, and kulah al-Aqsa, the Khadzkah to tell him al-Ahan, and Azay were mistake Breen. And I didn't kill him at alama rabbin about al-Aulaid. All that is Israel fat there is a yashirah, and I'm al-Iqah al-Iqahmahm. Rabinah, what is a-rijal-Ihahim, one is al-ahadh him in the whole world. And the What is the same is the same thing? What is the world has a kahuanin and gazad is my al-I'm al-I'll tell you what is he? That's me al-Aulat. and I'm in my she at Gassad, what I'm in my law in Allah. And I've got a gosh in the and I'm going to to the And I'm going to school. and I'll see what the Khahmah. al-Aisabat and al-I know it will be for other of the only I can send a head here with a with her in the whole bahraga of kidda. For I'm only the kidhmmitha, for the! And I'm not sure if you're going to be there in the al-Aulah, and the al-qqah al-mah.!! and make the day in 11th.