In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Amen. The statistics tell us there has been an explosion of mental sickness, mental ill health, particularly in wealthy countries. The more affluent a nation becomes, the higher the rates of depression and suicide. We see this particularly amongst young people. And when we say affluence, we're not necessarily talking about personal wealth, but the wealth of a nation collectively. And not just in the extremes of depression and suicide, but many, many young people feel a sense of disconnection, not just with the world around them, but within themselves with their very life. And we should say, is this any wonder? We shouldn't be surprised. We can only understand this phenomenon from a spiritual perspective. So we should say to our young people, you are not mad. Of course you are not mad. There are so many reasons why you feel this way. First every one of us is spiritually sick. Every one of us. We're fallen creatures. We're separated from the way we're meant to be. We're living unnatural lives. We're deformed. Every one of us to a lesser or greater extent. And as the reality of this affects us, of course, how could we feel at ease and comfortable? And we shouldn't. We shouldn't. We're first through the realization that death is trying to separate us from God, the reality of death, the realization of death within us. Death is conquered by Christ. And we only know this victory of Christ through hope and faith. But all the time our organs, our muscles, everything about our body is accusing us. It's trying to convince us that we are mortal, that we are simply mortal creatures who must accept our death. This aging of our body. In Christ we cling to eternal life. Our life beyond our bodies and beyond the physical five senses. So of course we feel turmoil. We who are created to walk with God with such honor, with such dignity, we have fallen into the mud. We feed with the pigs. We've exchanged royal robes for rags and filth. And we live in fear of losing ourselves to sin and evil. All of us feel dark impulses at times. And people can feel a threat, a panic, a sense of evil within themselves. And our bodies are very intellect. Resist us when we begin to struggle spiritually. Our bodies and intellect resist us at every turn. They fight to remain friends with this world. And we have to battle with ourselves. When we talk about the old man of sin, we must put him to death, but he will continue to try to take back our life. He will continue to try to lay claim on us till the day we die and this struggle will continue throughout our lives. And when we do try to struggle, what do we see in ourselves? We see a lack of strength. When in those times we try to forgive and we try to love, what do we see? We see judgment. We see anger, condemnation for others. And now longing for God, we are confronted by the limits we have imposed on ourselves through disobedience. And even if we manage to bear a little fruit in our lives, a little virtue for God, our impatience takes over and we see the fruit, the virtue, withering away as it scorched in the sun. We see it rotting on the branches and we say, where is the harvest? And the world around us laughs. You may have friends or relatives who reject you or mock you. Perhaps they call you a freak or they consider you an extremist for pursuing the things of God. We do not belong to this world and we who refuse to chase after the world's treasures and seek after the treasures of the kingdom of God, of course, we cannot belong here. This is right, but we're not mad. We're not mad. We don't belong to this place. We're closer. We draw to God the deeper our sense of eternity will grow. But so too the sense of distance between ourselves and this life and the eternity of God and the impact can be traumatic. But even in this final insane generation, Christ's church is still to be found and in his church Christ reveals himself to us. But what could be worse than to long for God but still to see our sins, see how we are engulfed in darkness, engulfed with our own unworthiness? The pain that this brings to us, the pain of heart can be unbearable at times. The fire of God is infinite but it is terrifying. Our passions must be burned away and so before illumination there must be fire, there must be burning, there must be flames before illumination. Because without pain, without suffering, we can never know divine love. We can never know God's divine love without pain. And so of course people will feel mad. They then look at the insanity on television. We only need to peer at the BBC or CNN for five minutes and it's like looking into an insane asylum. The madness that we see there, the images, the words, the voices that try to convince us that good is bad and bad is good. And of course the message that those who don't believe this are crazy. Until we seek Christ, until we try to be obedient to Him, we will remain sick. We will remain sick. But however lost we feel, we must cling to Christ. We must cling to the hem of His garment even if it means being dragged through the dust. Never let go. We're told in the Holy Scriptures that one of the signs of the last generation of the coming of the end of time will be that men's hearts will grow like stone. There will be no love there. And of course we see this in our world today but let us examine ourselves. When we try to love, how much love do we truly see in our own hearts? Let us draw close to Christ. Let us seek Him. But let us remember that even when He was raised, even when Christ appeared to the apostles, He still bore the marks of crucifixion in His flesh. The wounds left their marks in Christ and He bore those marks even after resurrection. And so too for us, when we look back on our lives and we see those times when we have tasted the pain of hell, the isolation, the misery of our lives, let us remember this experience because it will keep us alert, it will help us to focus. The spiritual life is about attention. Where we pay attention, do we pay our attention to God, do we remember God constantly? Or do we attend to the things of the world? And the remembrance of our experience of hell, suffering will keep us grateful to God for His mercy and forgiveness. And gratitude turns suffering into joy. Let us remember that Christ put aside His glory to become one of us and we must humble ourselves even as He humbled Himself. We must imitate Him in this way, refuse the pride and the noise and the excess of the world around us. For now we continue to walk on earth as mortal beings, but we must never lose sight, we must never stop putting our attention on the eternal kingdom of God. And when we refuse the things of this world, when we refuse the treasures, the pleasures, the things of this world, let us know and let us not be horrified or shocked that it is then that the world will truly call us mad.