In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, O Lord Emane, we will continue tonight our Bible study from the Gospel of Saint Luke starting from verse 26. Last week, actually we finished the first 25 verses from Luke chapter 1, which was actually the Annunciation of Archangel Gabriel to Zechariah about the birth of Jean-Dibartist. Today we will study from verse 26 to verse 38, which is Annunciation to version Saint Mary about the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ. This starts from verse 26. Then in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent by God to a city of Galilee named Nazareth. So it is the sixth month of Elizabeth pregnancy. So sixth month here for the pregnancy of Elizabeth. This is why we say Jean-Dibartist was older than the Lord Jesus Christ by six months. So Archangel Gabriel was sent by God to a virgin named Mary. As we read in verse 27, Archangel Gabriel was sent by God to a city of Galilee named Nazareth to a virgin betrohed to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David. The virgin's name was Mary. Mary in Hebrew, her name is Marian. Mary left in the insignificant village of Nazareth in the lower Galilee. So Nazareth was in the lower Galilee and was an important village. And when Saint Luke wrote to a city of Galilee named Nazareth, this explanatory notes makes it clear that Saint Luke was writing for those who were strangers from Palestine. That's why he is explanating to them where Nazareth is. This is a village or a city in Galilee. As you know, Palestine was divided into three parts, Galilee in the north, Judea in the south and Samaria in the middle. Galilee, Samaria and Judea. Judea or Gellosselemius. Nazareth is located just north of the fertile Gisrael Valley. 15 miles east from the Sea of Galilee. This sea actually where the Lord called Peter, Andrew, James and John, it's good also Sea of Tiberias. So Nazareth is 15 miles east from the Sea of Galilee and 20 miles from the Mediterranean Sea to the West. So to the West of the Mediterranean Sea, 20 miles and 15 miles east from the Sea of Galilee. Saint Joseph and Saint Mary left in it. And the Lord Jesus Christ spent most of the first 30 years of his life, also in Nazareth. That's why he is called the Nazarene as we read in Matthew chapter 2 verse 23 and in Mark chapter 1 verse 24. And when he began his mission, he was rejected twice by the people of Nazarene and the people of Galilee. As we read in Luke chapter 4 from verse 28 to 31 and in Matthew chapter 4 verses 13 and Matthew chapter 13 verse 54 to 58. So the people rejected him at the beginning. And this time Nazareth barely had any importance for it. It was not mentioned in the Old Testament, neither in any document of the major countries before the Lord Jesus Christ coming, nor in the writing of the Jewish historian Josephus. Because that's why you said it is insignificant village or city. The word Nazareth means branch. That's why the Lord Jesus Christ often called the branch. And when Matthew said as it was said by the prophets, he is called the Nazarene, means he is called the branch. And then in verse 27, he said, in verse 27, to a version betrothed to a man. In the Greek word version twice in this passage, the Greek word parfels. You know in the Greek language, there is difference between version and younger girl. But in the Hebrew, the same word is used for a younger girl and version. That's why Simian the elder when was translating, Isaiah chapter 7, he was confused whether to translate this word to version in Greek, which means barfels, or just to translate it, young girl and young girl can be a version or just a young lady. And upon a vision from God, he used in the Greek situation parfels, which means version. No other explanation. And here's a look. You know the New Testament was written in Greek. So San Luc actually used parthenos and San Matthew used parthenos. So there is emphasis here on the virginity of Saint Mary. So the same Greek word for version is used in the Greek Septuos and translation of Isaiah chapter 7 verse 14. And this prophecy is ignored that the Messiah is born from a version, not just a young girl. But this version was betrozed as we read in verse 27 to a version betrozed to a man whose name was Joseph. So Mary was betrozed to a descendant of the great king David, a man named Joseph of the house of David. The betrozed in the east was a ceremony of deepest importance. And usually it took place a year before the consummation of marriage. Betrozed in the Jewish tradition is like civil marriage. But the consummation of marriage did not happen yet. So Mary was betrozed to Saint Joseph. That's why when we read in the Gospel of Matthew, his wife, this word is true because she is considered Lee Gandy, his wife, although the marriage was not consummated. But the question here, why was the angel sent to a betrozed girl? And we know, let her own actually as we explained today, that Mary, although was betrozed, but she vowed her virginity. She vowed her virginity. So Mary and Joseph, there was actually like an agreement between both of them, she will remain a version. So these betrosas just to protect her civil rights. Saint Abrosus says, the angel was sent to a betrozed girl. So no one thinks that she has committed adultery when she became pregnant. Also a scholar, Origen, said according to Saint Ignatius that the presence of Joseph might make certain doubt and get confused about the newborn regarding the divine incarnation. So this actually may cause confusion to Satan. Satan would believe that Jesus came from marriage between Joseph and Mary. This according to Saint Ignatius, an origin told us about what Saint Ignatius said. So Saint Abros presented to us the same idea when he said, there is another reason which cannot be disregarded, which is that the ruler of this world, Satan, did not discover the virginity of the Virgin Mary because he saw her with her man. He did not suspect the baby born of her without getting married or the consumption of marriage. We know here that Joseph is a descendant of David. But actually nowhere we are told that Mary was from the house of David. Because the both genealogies of the gospels are genealogies of Joseph. Although there is another opinion, says that the genealogy according to Matthew is the genealogy of Joseph. But the genealogy in Luke is according to Saint Mary and we will explain this when we come to the genealogies according to Saint Luke. But Saint Luke's Gospel links the priestly family of Saint John the Baptist to the family of Mary of Nazareth. So Mary was a relative to Elizabeth, the mother of John the Baptist and the wife of the Cariah. And both the Cariah and Elizabeth are descendants of the first high priest heirl. So Mary also has a link to the priestly bloodline. She is a descendant of heirl. So according to the Holy Tradition. Mary from the mother's side, her mother, and she descendant of heirl. But from her father's side Joachim she is a descendant of David. So we see in Mary how she has the descendant of David from her father and she is a descendant of heirl from her mother and we will explain this in few minutes. Verse 28 and having come in the angel said to her, the rejoice of full of grace. The Lord is with you. Blessed are you among women. So the angel greeting to Mary is quite different from his greeting to the Cariah. I want you to notice that Archangel Gabriel did not greet the Cariah with the same degree of respect and status as he did by giving Saint Mary a title full of grace. The greeting is also unusual in that he did not begin with the typical greeting of peace. But he used hail, hail or rejoice. In Coptic sheary, sheary thief made in a mote. Sheary can mean hail or rejoice. By also announcing Saint Mary's especially status, which actually is full of grace. But more literal translation is who had been graced. Had been graced actually is a state or status beyond just being filled of grace or full of grace. In addressing Mary with this title, the angel is signifying that she possesses and always has possessed a plintitude of divine grace. So not only full of grace, but always she has possessed and she possesses a plintitude of divine grace. And told her, blessed are you among women, because as we say in one's day to Cariah, the father looked from heaven and he did not find anyone similar to you, no one similar to Saint Mary. She is above the shear of being and the seraphim and all the human being. She was 29, but when she saw him, she was troubled at his saying and considered what manner of greeting this was. The fact is that Saint Mary was deeply troubled by the angels greeting is evidence that someone of her humble status had received a greeting and was addressed by a title that was highly unusual. So she did not expect such greeting or such title. She was greatly troubled, not like the Cariah who doubted in the mission of the angel and required a sign before you could believe. No, Mary simply wondered at the strangeness of what was about to happen. So she was troubled who am I to receive such greeting. So her trouble at the sudden appearance of the angel and the nature of this greeting, greeting and the nature of that title full of grace that she received from Archangel Gabriel. Some people compare and ask why the angel punished the Cariahs, but he did not punish Saint Mary, although Saint Mary as we read in verse 34, she asked it, how can this be since I don't know am I? I don't know, I am not married or I will not be married also. And to answer this question, why Archangel Gabriel punished the Cariah and not Saint Mary, although both of them reacted with fear? The answer is, the humility is the key difference between Saint Mary's response and the Cariah's response. With Saint Mary expressed the humility, the Cariah expressed doubt. And once Archangel Gabriel told each of them the reason of his appearance, their responses at the mystic lands might seem similar, but their hearts behind the response are totally different. Saint Mary actually has a legitimate question about this news from Archangel Gabriel, how this could be. She is unwed, just engaged to a man and vowed her virginity as we would explain later why you are saying she vowed her virginity. So for her, it is physically impossible for her to become pregnant as a virgin. And if she was planning to get married, then actually this would not be a question here, because she would understand that after marriage she will have this baby. And never in the history of mankind had there been a story told of a woman become pregnant as a virgin. Never before Saint Mary or after Saint Mary. But I want you to notice, once Archangel Gabriel explained to Saint Mary how it is possible through the grace of God, Saint Mary's response of acceptance tells us where her heart was when she says, behold the mid-servant of the Lord, little be to me according to the world. So Saint Mary was not questioning if the enunciation of Archangel Gabriel will happen. She just want to understand how it will happen. So she is not doubting it will happen, but she want to understand how it will happen because she vowed her virginity. This was different from the cariah who doubted and asked for a sign that why the cariah was punished when Saint Mary was not. So Archangel Gabriel answered here in verse 30 and told her that the angel said to her, do not be afraid Mary, for you have found fever or grace with God. Do not be afraid Mary. Now he is calling her by her name, signifying that she was well known to him, as the sins are to the ministering angels. So in that sin and angel to a prophet or a sin, they are well known to this engine. Then he told her, do not be afraid. You have found grace with God. You have found fever with God. In verse 31 to verse 33 he explained to her the substance of his message to her. He told her, let's read these three verses and behold you will conceive in your womb and bring forth a son and she and shall call his name Jesus. This son, he will be great and will be called the son of the highest and the Lord God will give him the throne of his father David. And he will reign over the house of Jacob forever and of his kingdom there will be no end. So he told her she will be a mother of a son and this son she will call his name Jesus and then he start to describe this son. In telling her this, who knew herself to be a virgin, one who had known Mary, who had not known a man, he plainly reminds her of the prophets of Isaiah, behold the virgin will conceive and will have a child, the prophecy in Isaiah chapter 7 verse 14. And most probably sent Mary understood that this prophecy is fulfilled in her. And thus far the angel word sent Mary signifies a promise, she will have a son. And he told her, this son you will call his name Jesus. So there is a mystery behind this name and this name actually was given to Joseph and Mary separately, was given to Joseph in Matthew chapter 1 verse 21. When the angel not only gives him the name but he explains to Joseph the significant of the name. We read in Matthew 1 21 and she Mary will bring forth a son and you shall call his name Jesus for he will save his people from their sins. Jesus means the Savior, Jesus is the same like Joshua or Hosea which means Savior. So he told them you shall call his name Jesus because he will save his people from their sins. But to send Mary he just gives her the name Jesus. Then he said to her, Jesus would be great. Actually there is a fulfillment of prophets by Isaiah. When Isaiah said his name will be called to wonderful counselor mighty God, great God in Isaiah chapter 9 verse 6. Also we read in Luke chapter 24 verse 19 how the two disciples of armless described the Lord Jesus Christ. He was a prophet mighty in word great and deeds, great in words and deeds before God and all people. Then our angel gave her to set to set Mary and will be called as the son of the highest. The highest is one of the titers of God the Father. So some of the highest means some of God and God the Father often in the scripture meant known by the word highest as we read in Genesis 14 19. Some 83 verse 18 some 92 verse 1 the gospel of Psalm chapter 5 verse 7. So this phrase the sign the son of the highest signifies that he shall be known as the son of God and will be declared to be the son of God. Peter called him the same son of God. You are the Christ the son of God. Also the centurion who attended at the cross when he saw blood and water gushing from his side he said this is truly the son of God. And God actually himself got a father called Jesus his son. You are my son and today I have begotten you in Psalm 2 verses 7. So and since all these prophecies and verses agreeing that Jesus is the only begotten son only begotten son of God. Only begotten means all of us are children of God but who are by adoption. But the only son who is begotten from the father born from the father before all ages light of light through God through God is Jesus is the son who in the fullness of time became men our Lord Jesus Christ. Only begotten is a translation of the word of monoganies. Also means only. Genise means begotten. Many times it's translated an Arabic wrong translated on monoganies like alwahit in gans. It's wrong translation. Mono and Arabic means wahit. Genise doesn't mean gans. Genise means begotten almah root. So the Arabic translation of monoganies the correct translation alwahit in alwahit meaning he is the only son who is begotten and born from the father. All of us are the children of God by adoption but there is only one son is begotten the son of the father. So the accurate translation of monoganies monoganies mono means one where alwahit we ganies doesn't mean gans. So tergamma alwahit against tergamma kate. The correct translation is al-ip-nilwahit mono alwahit ganies almah root. So alwahit in the twenty-two-eight-million-eld, monoganies al-qablakul al-dul, monoganies al-hak, mon-il-hak. Then he said the son of the highest and the lord God will give him the throne of his father David. So this echoes the promises that God gave to King David as we read in 2 Samuel 7 from verse 9 to 16. God promised David that his throne will endure forever. We read it also in 2 Samuel 23 verse 5. So how this promise was fulfilled was fulfilled in the person of our Lord Jesus Christ. And here Saint Luke is intentionally making a link between the promise of God to David of an eternal covenant through him will endure forever and the immaguration of that covenant promise in Jesus of matters. So this promise is fulfilled in Jesus of matters. The birth of our Lord Jesus Christ was promised to many fathers. Was promised to Abraham that the Messiah will be his seed. Was promised to Moses the prophet that Jesus would be the prophet. The prophet was capital P meaning what is the function of the prophet deliver message from God to us and as we read in Hebrew chapter 1 verse 1 that spoke to our fathers through the prophets. Now he is speaking to us in his son. So thus Jesus is the prophet with capital P. So Jesus was promised to David who was a king as the king and Jesus is the king actually to restore the kingdom of God and he established the kingdom of God here on earth. Spiritual kingdom not an earthy kingdom. So even the temporal kingdom of Israel belonging to Jesus Christ by hereditary right. If he is the son of David and God will give him the throne of his father David then actually by hereditary right even the temporal kingdom of Israel belonging to the Lord Jesus Christ. So when Archangel Gabriel said to Saint Mary and God will give him the throne of his father David the word to seem at first to suggest the thought that version Mary is from the house of David. But I said what we know from the scripture she is related to Elizabeth she is cousin of Elizabeth from the mother side. So she is a descendant of here but her and Mary is also a descendant of David because here actually he is saying he will give him the throne of his father David. And this title to the throne is actually drive it through here through Saint Mary. So as I explained the holy tradition tells us that her father Joachim was a descendant of David but her mother was a descendant of Aaron. So we can see here like intermarriage happened which actually took place often in the old time between the house of Aaron and the house of David the descendant of Aaron and the descendant of David. And we can see this many examples like in Exodus chapter 6 verse 23 2 Kings chapter 11 verse 2. So maybe this was also the case with Saint Mary and intermarriage happened between the house of David and the house of Aaron. So Joachim or Joachim a descendant of David and Elizabeth sorry Hannah the mother of Saint Mary the sint of Aaron and intermarriage happened between both of them. And if we took the genealogy in Luke chapter 3 related to Joachim as some father said not to Joseph and we will explain this one in chapter 3. But if the genealogies according to other fathers in Matthew and Luke from the lineage of Joseph only then actually the evangelist point of view here that our Lord despite the supernatural birth from aversion also he is inheriting from Joseph the throne of David as a son of Joseph. But as I told you the holy tradition of the church believes that Joachim the sint of David. Verse 33 he will reign over the house of Jacob the house of Israel forever spiritual kingdom and of his kingdom there will be no end. Yes it's eternal kingdom and Saint Paul explained in first Corinthians chapter 5 how the Lord Jesus Christ is reigning right now and in the second coming he will deliver the kingdom to God the Father. That's why those who are speaking about millennium coming in the future as if the Lord Jesus Christ is not reigning right now this is again the teaching of the scripture. The reign of our Lord Jesus Christ started from the day of crucifixion and will continue to the day of his second coming when he will deliver the kingdom to God the Father and then his kingdom will continue and shall have no end as we read in verse 33 his kingdom there will be no end and we emphasize this in the creed his kingdom shall have no end. Verse 34 then Mary said to the engine how can this be since I do not know a man from the version's word it's clear she was dedicated by a vow to remain aversion. That's why we believe in the perpetual version of Saint Mary meaning she was virgin before the marriage she was virgin sorry she was virgin before the pregnancy and before the neighbor she was virgin during the the labor so the labor did not lose her virginity and she continued to be a version after the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ because if she had wished to be married then she would not have asked this question how can this be since I do not know a man she would rather have said when this will be an expectation of the promise to be fulfilled after the consummation of the marriage. So the question would not be how the question would be when the consummation of the marriage would be but this question how can this be since I do not know a man it's clear that she was dedicated by a vow to remain aversion. So this question is totally different than the Kariest question in the same chapter verse 18. The Kariest said how shall I know this? He was asking for a sign but Saint Mary not asking for a sign but Saint Mary asking how this will happen and I felt my virginity. The Kariest asked by what sign he shall know that the words of the angel are true but the Kariest had a braham and sara and the Old Testament who had son in their old age so there is no excuse for him to doubt but for aversion to have a child never happened before Saint Mary and also never happened after Saint Mary. So Mary here is told of a far greater marvel for her question show that she understood the angel to speak of the birth why is she is aversion and she accepted the word in faith and she did not demand a sign but riforantly she is asking how this will be accomplished how this will be accomplished although she is aversion and she never heard that aversion had a child. So the angel answered there in verse 35 and the angel answered and said to her the Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the highest the Father will overshadow you therefore also that Holy One of the Son who is to be born will be called the Son of God. The word the Holy Spirit will come upon you in the Greek language which is the language of the gospel. It's a claim to Saint Mary that this conception will be done by the power of the Holy Spirit. It's a divine conception it is above and beyond our comprehension and our understanding and the same verse here is used also in the Greek Septurial translation of Exodus chapter 34 when the Holy Spirit in a visible form the cloud overshadowed that a Bernanke and the glory of God felt that winning that a Bernanke. So that then says the same verse was used in Exodus chapter 34 verse 34 in the same verse sorry verb is used here. Also if you remember the transfiguration there was a cloud overshadowed the Lord Jesus Christ and Elijah and Moses. The same word the same verb overshadowed them in Matthew chapter 17 verse 5 and in Luke chapter 9 verse 34 the same actually verb is used when the voice of God also is heard from the cloud that overshadowed them. Moses Elijah with the Lord Jesus Christ. So you told her the Holy Spirit will come upon you it's a divine conception and the power of the highest will overshadow you. Here he is using the word highest again highest referring to God the Father and the third person of the Holy Trinity therefore also the holy one the son who is to be born will be called the son of God. The word the Logos was conceived in the womb of Saint Mary not after the manner of men but this conception is done by singular powerful invisible immediate operation of the Holy Spirit cannot explain it. It's above and beyond our understanding and the version here was able and enabled to conceive beyond the law of nature verse 36 now indeed Elizabeth your relative has also conceived a son in her old age and this is now the sixth month for her who was called burial. The angel also is disclosing the pregnancy of Elizabeth as a confirmation of the promise which also the pregnancy of Elizabeth is a deviation of from the order of nature as I explained last week for two reasons number one Elizabeth was buried number two now she and Zechariah were advanced in ages so there are two opposkins so the pregnancy also was a deviation from the order of nature. Many fathers believe that at this moment in which Saint Mary submitted to God she became pregnant. So in this verse 37 and 38 for with God nothing will be impossible even for a version to be pregnant with God nothing will be impossible. He is the God of the impossible action. Saint Mary replied and said then Mary said behold the mid-servant of the Lord let it be to me according to the world and the angel departed from her. So many fathers of the church believe that at the moment in which Saint Mary offered her obedience to God and her submission to him saying behold the mid-servant of the Lord let it be to me according to the world at this very specific moment she became pregnant she received the incarnation for it was not possible to fulfill the incarnation without her will again it was impossible to fulfill the incarnation without her will and her acceptance to receive this promise. God sanctifies human freedom and some might respect our freedom. So many people question how in our praises we call Mary the salvation of our father Adam and they are saying we are giving her titles that belong to the Lord Jesus Christ. Of course when we say salvation of our father Adam doesn't mean she saved Adam like our Lord Jesus Christ who died on the cross and shed his blood but let me explain what we mean by this let me assume let me assume just for the sake of discussion Saint Mary refused and she said to Archangel Gabriel no I cannot accept this. God will never impose himself on a person refusing you know a promise. So God want to give us the gift of salvation a free gift but if we don't accept this gift we will never have this gift. So Saint Mary by accepting the gift by saying behold the mid-servant of the Lord let it be to me according to your will by accepting this gift of salvation that's why we call her the salvation of our father Adam. So for example let me give you an analogy to make it clear if there is a very very poor family and then some godly person wanted to give them a gift of money. If the father of this family rejected this gift then the family will continue to be poor or rejected the job they could do not to be poor but if the father accepted the job that was offered freely to him then actually the children we can say we can say to the father you saved us from hunger and poverty because he received the gift. So when we say to Saint Mary the salvation of our father Adam not because she actively saved us like the Lord Jesus Christ our Savior but simply because she accepted the free gift of salvation on behalf of humanity. On behalf of all of us she accepted the free gift of salvation by saying behold the mid-servant of the Lord let it be to me according to the word. That's why the church father said pregnancy or fulfillment of this promise could not happen before this moment but in this moment when she said let it be to me according to the word and she pronounced her acceptance at this very specific moment that a pregnancy of Saint Mary started and the conception started at this very moment. Also the fathers of the church called Saint Mary the new Eve. Our mother Eve became disobedient to God disobeyed God so the new Eve sent Mary by her obedience and submission she was undoing the disobedience of our mother Eve. So the first Eve disobeyed God the second Eve or the new Eve submitted to God and obeyed God and in this way we call her the new Eve. Eve and the Archangel departed from her. This actually finished our Bible study tonight the ununciation of Archangel Gabriel to Saint Mary I think we have 10 minutes so I will give a quick summary in Arabic in the next 10 minutes. From the ceremony and kind of curious la yara menegarit. What Korea managed to have made the Zilkari and La Rachete had a menal adaamayus for my God. So what is the man that's a little bit of a man like a man that you are in can it be nice the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men that the way that men are my God but my God my God my God my God my God my God my God my God my God my God my God my God and I think that the world is not the only way to go. I think that the world is the only way to go. I think that the world is the only way to go. I think that the world is the only way to go. I think that the world is the only way to go. I think that my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and how to understand the way that the people of the United States are independent of the United States. And the way that the people of the United States are independent of the United States are independent of the United States. And the way that the people of the United States are independent of the United States are independent of the United States. And the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is independent of the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the United States is that the way that the way that the United States is that the way that the way that the United States is that the way that the way that and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, and the way that we have to do it, but my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my of them. Like, in the end, I'm a bit of a man. In the end, I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry the Lord. I will marry my Lord. I am not a man of the world, but I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. I am a man of the world. The first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want to say is that the first thing I want and the first time I've been in the U.S. I've been in the U.S. I've been in the U.S. I've been in the U.S. I've been in the U.S. I've been in the U.S. I've been in my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my I'm not sure if you're interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm not sure if you're interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm not sure if you're interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in. I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the way that I'm interested in the but my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my but my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my You've been in the middle of the war. In the middle of the war, you've been in the middle of the war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. You've been in the middle of war. I am not a Muslim, but I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim, and I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim. I am a Muslim. but my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my