In the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Goangadi Minh will continue our vibrate study from the Gospel of Selluk, chapter 1. The first part from chapter 1 is about the annunciation of Archangel Gabriel to the Coroia regarding the birth of Zondibaptist. Then the second part is actually the annunciation of Archangel Gabriel to cent Mary the mother of God regarding the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ. And at the end of the annunciation, Archangel Gabriel said to cent Mary in verse 36, now indeed Elizabeth your relative has also conceived a son in her old age. And this is now the six months for her who was called Mary. So he informed me cent Mary that Elizabeth, her cousin, is pregnant in six months now. So Zondibaptist actually is older than the Lord Jesus Christ by six months. So in response to this as we read in verse 39, now Mary arose in those days and went into the hill country with haste to a city of Judah. So after the angels visit, cent Mary immediately set out to make the seven to eight days journey. Let me give you an idea about the geography. The Israel is divided into three parts. The north part is called the gallery. The middle part is Samaria. The south is Judea where Jerusalem is. Cent Mary was living in Nazareth of Galilee in the north. And Archangel Gabriel appeared to her in Nazareth. The Elizabeth and the Kariya were living in the south in Judea. So cent Mary once heard from Archangel Gabriel. So she traveled all the way from Nazareth in Galilee to the hill country of Judea and the town of her cousin Elizabeth. This journey at the time it took about seven to eight days to a city of Judah. The Bible didn't tell us what is the name of this city. But the city in Judea. So the description here is too vague to be identified with any certainty which is it. But as we know from the Old Testament, they used to assign certain cities to the priests within the limit of the tribe of Judah. So most probably this city was one of those assigned cities to the priest because the Kariya was a priest within the limits of the tribe of Judea. There's foury and entered the house of the Kariya and greeted Elizabeth. So the salutation of the sins and those of the ungutling are all together different. As we see here, the salutation or the greeting between cent Mary and Elizabeth was wholly ungodly full of peace and respect. But the ungutling greet one another totally differently. There's foury one. And it happened when Elizabeth heard the greeting of Mary that the babe, John the Baptist, leaped in her womb. And Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit. So the greeting of cent Mary caused the leaping of the beep in the womb of Elizabeth. And Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit. So Elizabeth through the Holy Spirit recognized the cause of leaping. It was not a regular motion of a baby in the womb of his mother. The motion of the child in the womb of the mother was more than the ordinary motion. That's why in verse 42 then she, Elizabeth spoke out with a loud voice and said, blessed are you among women and blessed is the fruit of your womb. So by the Holy Spirit she knew that Mary also is pregnant. That's why she told her and blessed the fruit of your womb. So doubtless at this motion of the beep inside the womb of Elizabeth was more than ordinary. So it had more than ordinary cause. She realized this is not an ordinary motion. So there is actually a supernatural cause and being caused from the Holy Spirit of God. So the Holy Spirit is the best interpreter. That's why cent Mary, what, sorry, what, cent Elizabeth, what she uttered to cent Mary was the words of the Holy Spirit on her mouse. What Elizabeth said to Mary was not her own words but the words of the Holy Spirit on her mouse. And this is very important because when Mary, when Elizabeth called cent Mary mother of God or mother of Lord these are not the words of Elizabeth. So the Holy Spirit called cent Mary the mother of the Lord on the mouse of Elizabeth. And this is the doctrine of theotokos. Theotokos means mother of God. So when we call cent Mary the mother of God it's not our own terminology. That actually was the Holy Spirit uttered on the mouse of Elizabeth regarding cent Mary mother of God. St. Ambrose says, Elizabeth was the first to hear cent Mary's voice. But John was the first to be affected by the blessing. Elizabeth heard the voice but who leaped, who was first affected, John the Baptist. Elizabeth knew of cent Mary's coming but John felt the presence of Christ in the womb of cent Mary. That's why she told her, blessed is the fruit of your womb. Saint Cyril of Jerusalem said, when John was filled with the Holy Spirit because Archangel Gabriel said to the cariah about John the Baptist he will be filled with the Holy Spirit from the womb of his mother. So Saint John the Baptist was filled by the Holy Spirit in the womb of Elizabeth. So Saint Cyril of Jerusalem is saying, when John was filled with the Holy Spirit he became sanctified, he became consecrated when he is still in his mother's womb, consecrated why. So he could baptize the Lord. So he was consecrated as priests to baptize the Lord. When we greet, when we give answers to the icon of Saint John the Baptist we say, help you the priest, the son of the priest because he's a priest, the son of a priest, son of the cariah. Elizabeth as we read in verse 42, she spoke out with a loud voice with a loud voice. She spoke with great intensity of soul and strength of affection being under a very powerful impression of the Spirit of God. So the Holy Spirit moved to her so when she spoke, she spoke with great a loud voice in a zealous way. And Elizabeth actually used the same words to Saint Mary which Archangel Gabriel had used for her. If we go to verse 28, Archangel Gabriel said to her, rejoice of full of grace, the Lord is with you, blessed are you among women. If you go to verse 42, she said, blessed are you among women. So the same words and blessed the fruit of your womb. Why? Archangel Gabriel carried message from God to Mary and Elizabeth was speaking by God, the Holy Spirit to Mary. That's why no wonder these are the exact same words. So Saint Mary here is the one whom God has greatly favored and exceedingly blessed and made happy by choosing to incarnate from her. Some scholars and church fathers actually, both ancient and modern, have seen similarity of Elizabeth's question in verse 43. And King David's question when the Ark of Covenant came to David. In verse in verse 43, Elizabeth asked this question, why is this granted to me that the mother of my Lord should come to me, as if she is saying, I am unworthy. How this is granted to me, who am I that the mother of my Lord come to me? I want you to think here, Mary was about 15, 16 years old. Elizabeth was an old lady, maybe in her late 80s or 90s. But by the Holy Spirit, she recognized that this little girl is highly exalted. And Elizabeth said, I am not worthy that the mother of my Lord should come to me. These are exact the same words that David said about the Ark of Covenant. How can the Ark of the Lord come to me? He can read it in 2 Samuel 6 verse 9. So the church fathers, they said, Mary is the Ark of Covenant. The Ark of Covenant carried three things, the manna pot, the errands runt, and the two tablets of the covenant in commandments. The two tablets represent Jesus, the word of God, he is the Logus, the manna, he is the bread of life. The errands runt that blossomed without being watered is like Jesus Christ, who is bored from Mary without the seed of man. So Mary actually represents the Ark of Covenant. And as Elizabeth said, how this is granted to me that the mother of my Lord come to me, David said, how can the Ark of the Lord come to me? Also, Jean-Gebakt is what did he do in front of the Ark of Covenant. He lived, he danced in the womb of Elizabeth before Mary, the Ark of Covenant. What David did before the Ark of Covenant, he danced. So here, actually the church fathers made a connection between the Ark of Covenant and Saint Mary. Not only that, but also Mary and the Ark of Covenant are the winning place of the Lord. And also God actually used to appear on the cover of the Ark of Covenant between the two cherubim's that were covering the cover, God used to appear. So Mary became the winning place of God and the Ark of Covenant is the winning place of God. Also, if we go to just quickly to verse 56, and Mary remained with her about three months, Mary remained with Elizabeth three months and returned to her house. Also, as Mary stayed three months, the Ark of Covenant stayed in Judea in the house of Obed Adam three months as you read in 2 Samuel chapter 6 verse 11. So as Mary stayed three months in Judea, the Ark of Covenant also is stayed in Judea for three months. 2 Samuel chapter 6 verse 11. When Elizabeth said, how this is granted to me that the mother of my Lord, mother of my Lord, these words actually acknowledge both the incarnation of Christ and the union of the divine and human nature in one person of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Mediator, the God-man. She said, my Lord, mother of my Lord, so the Lord became a child in the womb or baby in the womb of Saint Mary, that is the incarnation. And by calling this baby my Lord, then actually the divinity and the humanity are united together in the person of our Lord Jesus Christ. And Elizabeth here acknowledge Jesus Christ as her Lord and Mary as the mother of her Lord, mother of the Lord. And she confirmed this confession in verse 44. She said, for indeed as soon as the voice of your greeting sounded in my ears, the beep leaped in my womb was for joy. So Mary Elizabeth was able to connect between the leaping of the beep with the incarnation of the Son of God in the womb of Saint Mary. So she mentioned this as the signal by which she knew for sure that Mary is the mother of her Lord. She knew this from this unusual and extraordinary motion of the child that she felt within her womb. As you know in the community council of Ephesus, there was a debate. Should we call Mary mother of Jesus or mother of God? Because of the story of saying Mary give born to a human being. Then after he was born as a human being, the divinity dwelt on this child. That is the heresy of Nestorius and the church executed him. So Nestorius was saying we can call Mary the mother of Jesus, but we cannot call her mother of God. But one of the verses that in the community council of Ephesus used to confirm that the dogma of the autocous mother of God was the statement of Elizabeth, that she uttered by the Holy Spirit that Mary is not only the mother of Jesus, but mother of God. Then she told her in verse 45, blessed is she who believed for there will be a fulfillment of those things which were told her from the Lord. So she told her blessed are you because you believed. You believe that you are going to give birth to a child even without a seat of man. So the words are certainly a great confirmation of what the angel had told her. What the angel told Mary, so the words of Elizabeth by the Holy Spirit is a confirmation of what Archangel Gibri said to sent Mary. An old year, you just to reflect on what is the feeling of these two women. One found herself the chosen out of all the thousands of Israel after so many centuries of we rewetting to be the mother of God, to be the mother of the Messiah. This little girl got to choose her as you say in Wednesday the autocayor. The father looked from heaven and he did not find anyone like you. And the other lady after any reasonable hope of any of spring had faded away there are two obstacles for Elizabeth. By nature or medically she was barren and now she is old and aged. So any hope, natural hope to have a child is gone. But now she is the mother of the Messiah's chosen friend, the forerunner of the king, the one who came to prepare it away for the Lord Jesus Christ of whom the Prophet had written. What kind of meeting? What are the feeling of these two ladies talking to each other? How Mary responded to the praise of Elizabeth when she told her blessed are you among women, blessed is she who believed etc. Mary gave glory to God. That's her response. That's the response of God the people. When they receive praise we know or are not worthy of these praise. So we give glory to God. That's why Mary said my soul magnifies the Lord. And this praise because it's it's started by magnifies we call it the magnific. The praise of that my soul magnifies the Lord. So the response of Saint Mary to Elizabeth's exclamation of praise for Mary's believe and the honor which God has shown her is a hymn of praise. A hymn of praise. But before we start reflecting on the praise of Saint Mary here just I want to reflect on the differences of the behavior between Mary and Elizabeth. Why I want to reflect on on on difference in behavior. The Holy Spirit when actually moves in one of us it doesn't have to be identical. So here was Mary with Elizabeth who see this all the day the excited with Joy speaking with the loud voice she is full of joy that's expressed outwardly. But we see Mary full with inner deep peace and speaking with calmness and quietness. So what I'm trying to say there is no stereotype for how the Holy Spirit moves us. The Holy Spirit can move each one of us differently. The way he moved Peter was different than the way he moved John the beloved. So here Elizabeth was full of a new strange extreme joy. Her salutation was full of excitement. She was filled with the Holy Spirit. But Mary on the other hand from the moment of annunciation and her own meek faithful acceptance of the Lord's purpose. She also was filled with the Holy Spirit. But her hymn breathed a feeling of deep inward peace. Quiet, calm, meek, not loud like loud in a good way like Elizabeth's. Elizabeth's inspiration seems to have been momentary. She became excited with the visit of St Mary. But the peace and the quietness and calmness of St Mary was perfect. She said my soul magnifies the Lord. Magnifying God is not by making him great. For he cannot be made greater than he has. Actually he magnifies us but we cannot magnify him. But what it said Mary mean by saying my soul magnifies the Lord. It is declaring and showing forth his greatness and attributing greatness to him. Praising him and also declaring and speaking well of his many unmiti works of power goodness grace mercy giving him glory. So my soul magnifies means I am declaring to the whole world how great the Lord is. My soul magnifies the Lord for his heaven and my spirit has rejoiced in God my Savior. Although there is difference between soul and spirit but many times in the scripture they are used interchangeably. For example when we read in the letter of Saint Peter that eight souls were saved in the ark of no one. We know that not only the soul was saved but the whole human being was saved but we read eight souls. So many times in the scripture the word the soul can refer to the soul only or can refer to the spirit or can refer to the whole person. So here in this verse the soul and spirit here these two words signifying the same thing and importing that Mary is glorifying God hardly with her soul with her whole soul with her whole being mentally, psychologically from her heart from her soul. So Saint Mary did not in lip and word only she magnified God but with her whole heart and soul and with all the powers and faculties her entire inner person is actively engaged in giving glory to God for what he has done. And Saint Mary is teaching all of us a lesson here that praising God with our lips only is of no significance without conjunction of heart with a tongue. Yes I praise God with my tongue but I praise him also with my heart. So she said and my spirit has rejoiced in God my Savior and the word my Savior is very important. Why she knew herself to be a sinner born with the original sin and needed a Savior not like our brethren the Catholic when they say Mary was born without the original sin the dogma of the immaculate conception but here Saint Mary is calling God my Savior she needs salvation like any other human being. He came the Lord Jesus Christ to save people from sin and death. So the Lord had redeemed the soul of Saint Mary also and has given here the eternal life. That's why she is rejoined my spirit rejoiced in the Lord my Savior so she rejoices it for that and especially for his mercy and honoric her to be the mother of God. Verse 48. For he has regarded the Lord state of his mid-servant. For behold his fourth all generations will call me blessed. So why God chose Saint Mary because of her humphiness? He regarded the Lord state of his mid-servant. Think if Saint Mary is an arrogant person or prideful she would not handle the divine pregnancy in the right way at all. So God actually want a very humble woman to be his mother. I had a sermon about Saint Mary that she never made a choice in her life. She never made a choice can you imagine a person lives all his life making not one single choice for himself or herself. She did not choose to be presented to the temple. She did not choose Joseph to be her fiancée. She did not choose to be pregnant with the son of God. She did not choose to go to Egypt. She did not choose actually even at the end of her life of her of Jesus Christ during his crucifixion to live with Jean de Beloved. Even God told her the Lord Jesus Christ this is your son she is your mother. He lived all her life. It is impossible for anyone to live this way if he is not humble. So that's why God chose her. She declares that because of God's divine plan for her life and her willingness to submit to that plan all generations will call her blessed. So why all generations will call her blessed? Because God it shows her honor to her and she accepted and submitted completely the night here will completely and accepted the plan of God. And this is actually like a prophecy Saint Mary here uttered a prophecy of future generations and her relationship with all future generations and this prophecy was uttered by the Holy Spirit. So like our brethren, the Protestant who denied actually to honor Saint Mary, here Saint Mary herself said being filled with the Holy Spirit all generations will call me blessed. So it is our obligation actually to honor and venerate Saint Mary. Verse 49, for he who is mighty has done great things for me and holy is his name. We notice in this verse and in the whole song how Saint Mary attributes all to God and ascribe nothing to herself or any merits of her own. So she did not say God chose me because I am good or no she did not attribute anything. She said for he who is mighty has done great things for me. So anything in me it's because of him and holy is his name. In verse 50 and his mercy is on those who fear him from generation to generation. So we can see here she called God mighty holy mercy. So in these two verses Saint Mary gives three attributes to God, his might, holiness and mercy. Because of his mind he has done great things, done wonders, miracles, signs. God fills her with his goodness. That's why she empties herself to him and praises in return. Understanding or acknowledging the great things now she empties herself in praise to God and sinking into her own nothingness. She knows that she is nothing and she confesses that God alone is all in all. He is the source of everything good in her life. Then she said his mercy is for those who fear him from generation to generation. His mercy is on those who fear him from generation to generation. The fear of God we read this word repeatedly in the scripture. So the fear of God here is not the submissive fear, the fear of the slaves, but it is the reverence, the respect toward the God in recognizing his sovereignty. So Saint Mary celebrated God for his might, for his holiness, for his glory, for his majesty. Now she is magnifying him for his mercy, which actually extended to old from generation to generation. It is not for certain people and not in a certain time, but generation to generation everywhere. And we can notice here, how the praise of Saint Mary started by praising God for what he had done to her person. And now she expending her praise, forgot what he has done to all people as well. Generation, his mercy is on those who fear him from generation to generation. So his deep kindness and mercy manifest itself in the act of mercy to all those who fear him and respect him. It signifies not only the extent of the divine goodness to all people, but how it is continuous from generation to generation to the end of the ages. Then from verse 51, Saint Mary after she praised God for his mercy, his mind, his holiness, now she is praising him for his justice and his power, justice and power. She said in verse 51, he has shown his strength with his arm, has scattered the proud in the imagination of their heart. The word his arm refers to the mighty power of God, by which actually he brings things to pass, like after he spreads the Red Sea, we read in Exodus chapter 15 verse 16, the right hand of God has done wonders. So even in the thin plagues in the land of Egypt was done by his hand, Exodus chapter 3 verse 20, the destruction of fear and all his chariot in the Red Sea was also done by his arm as we read in Exodus 15 verse 16. Then now she speaks about his justice. He has scattered the proud, the hottimim, the arrogant people, those who wish to be noticed in partiality. So these people actually who want to exalt themselves above all, got to scatter them as a chaff, as a straw, as dust, he scattered them. They will not be in his sight. The best example is the scribes and Pharisees. They feel from their earthly glory because in their arrogance and pride, they reject it to accept the Lord Jesus Christ. But the Lord will scatter them in the imagination of their hearts, meaning what? While they are forming their proud tasks and mix plan and laying their plans and imagine accomplishment and success, all these thoughts and waiting for all these to be done, here God actually will scatter them, will blow all their plans so the plans will be scattered and blown together. He scattered the proud in the imagination of their own hearts. There is 52, another reflection on the justice of God. He has put down the mighty from their throngs and exalted the Lord. Saint Mary here speaks prophetically. This saying may I loot the destruction of the kingdom of Satan. Satan was an archangel and all his armies and the final prevalence of the kingdom of Christ. So the mighty will be put down from their throngs and the lowly, the little flock of Christ will be exalted. So the words have both literal and spiritual fulfillment. Those who are humble and reliable God will be exalted. Those who trusted their own wisdom and believe in their own might will be put down from their throngs. Verse 53, he has filled the hungry with good things and the rich he has sent away empty. Rich here means those who trust in their own money or in their own resources. So rich signifies those who are full trusting their own resources. Rich here are the wealthy who are arrogant of mind and heart. And sometimes they are the enemies of the poor and humble and therefore they are enemies of God. So Saint Mary here is speaking of the promise of God's ultimate justice like in the story of the latter and the rich man. How God actually sent this rich man empty and filled the lathers. So Saint Mary is speaking about God's ultimate justice for those who have suffered and those who have caused them to suffer. And she includes a quote from Psalm 100 and 7 verse 9, for he has set for he satisfies the longing soul and fills the hungry soul with goodness. God blesses the poor, pitties the needy while he neglects those who trust in their earthly riches. Also spiritually those who are poor in spirit God will bless them as we read in the beauty of the attitudes. Those who are hungry and thirsty for righteousness God actually will fill them. But those who think they don't need the righteousness of Christ. I am righteous by my own deeds God will send them empty. So up to this point this hymn has been one of personal thanksgiving. But from this 54 now she speaks about Israel and the whole world. He has helped his servant Israel in remembrance of his mercy as he spoke to our fathers to Abraham and to his seed forever. So from verse 54 we find that the soul of Saint Mary is with her people Israel. So her joy in the great things which God has done for her risks also on the fact that these great things are for Israel too. So when she became the mother of God and the Messiah incarnated in her womb not only for her sake only but for the sake also for her people Israel and the whole world. So Saint Mary concluding statement contains echoes of the promises from the Old Testament, the promises of the coming of the Messiah to save Israel and to save even the whole world, the Gentiles. So Saint Mary understand that her condition in bearing the Redeemer the Messiah, she is the mother of the Messiah who is actually the heir of King David and in the fulfillment of God's promise not to abandon his people. That's why she said in remembrance of his mercy. So God remembered his mercy that he promised Abraham as he spoke to our fathers to all the prophets as he spoke to Abraham and to his seed forever. So Jesus in her womb is the fulfillment of what God spoke to the fathers and to Abraham and to his seed. The seed of Abraham as we read clearly in both Old Testament and the New Testament not only the natural seed but the spiritual seed as we read in Galatians 4, Saint Paul explained who are the children of Abraham not the children according to the family. So the children of Abraham were not the natural but the spiritual seed of Abraham and not the Jews but also the Gentiles. So the end of the world. So the blessing actually that God promised Abraham is fulfilled in the Lord Jesus Christ as we read in Galatians 3 verse 8 and the scripture for seeing that God would justify the Gentiles by faith, preach the gospel to Abraham before hand saying in you all nations shall be blessed. So actually this hymn we can divide it into three parts. The first part from verse 46 to 50 said Mary praises God for what he had done for herself. Second part from verse 51 to 53 she praises God for what he had done and would do against the oppressors of his people. He would send the rich empty. He would put down the proud from their throne. And the last part from verse 53 to 56 she praises God for what he had done and would do for his church, Gentiles and Jews the Christian who believe in him. Verse 56 as we said Mary remained with her about three months and returned to her house. She went back to the night at three months. Now she Elizabeth is full term and she is giving birth to John the Baptist. So Mary went back to her house. So actually when do we celebrate the birth of John the Baptist? If we celebrate the birth of the Lord Jesus Christ January 7 then the birth of John the Baptist would be July 7th. So actually about maybe 40 days from today we have the feast of the birth of John the Baptist on July 7th. This will conclude our Bible study tonight. I will give a quick short summary and listen to the many things in the Bible. I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the words of Mary and I will give you the and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right and we are going to be able to get the right After uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising And the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the truth is that the After uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising uprising First, we were able to see the I am not a member of the United States. I am a member of the United States. I am a member of the United States. I am a member of the United States. I am a member of the United States. I am a member of the United States. I am such an engineer. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. I am not a Muslim. After uprising uprising! After I am not a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. I am a good man. When we were involved we were involved in the I am not sure if I am going to be able to do this. I am not going to be able to do this. I am going to be able to do this. I am going to be able to do this. I am going to be able to do this. After I have such problems, I will be able to do such problems After I have such problems and such problems After I have such problems and such problems After I have such problems and such problems After I have such problems and such problems After I have such problems and such problems After I have such problems and such problems I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I'm here. I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that's why I think that After maintaining such impact and maintaining impact and maintaining impact and maintaining impact. After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After maintaining impact After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After After and the people of the world are not the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. We are the same. After such uprising After uprising After and I'm going to say that in the last few years, I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war. I'm going to be in the middle of the war.